Note - Generating Kiali Session Token (#1366)
rancher/rancher-docs: docs/integrations-in-rancher/istio/istio.md

### Kiali

[Kiali](https://kiali.io/) is a comprehensive visualization aid used for graphing traffic flow throughout the service mesh. It allows you to see how they are connected, including the traffic rates and latencies between them.

You can check the health of the service mesh, or drill down to see the incoming and outgoing requests to a single component.

:::note

> The name of the Kiali service account in Rancher is `kiali`. Use this name if you are writing commands that require you to enter the name of the Kiali service account—for example, if you are trying to generate or retrieve a session token. For more information, refer to the [Kiali token authentication FAQ](https://kiali.io/docs/faq/authentication/).

Reviewer: I feel like the "for example,..." should be in parenthesis.  The hyphen doesn't seem right.

Author: Adjusted this section to include the "for example..." in parentheses, let me know what you think.

You can check the health of the service mesh, or drill down to see the incoming and outgoing requests to a single component.

:::note

> If you are attempting to generate a session token to log into Kiali, note that for the service account name the Rancher deployment uses `kiali` instead of `kiali-service-account` when retrieving the session token.

Reviewer 2: Based on this [comment](https://github.com/rancher/rancher-docs/issues/1340#issuecomment-2200933034) on the original issue, which points to [these Kiali docs](https://kiali.io/docs/faq/authentication/), and a similar code snippet presented as an [example](https://kiali.io/docs/installation/installation-guide/example-install/#access-the-kiali-server-ui) under the Kiali install docs, it's a little ambiguous if Kiali expects a service account named `kiali-service-account`, or if the `kiali-service-account` in the code snippet is intended to be a placeholder for an arbitrary name for the account. 

Since I'm not sure if it was intended as a placeholder, this suggestion doesn't mention `kiali-service-account`. 

```suggestion
The name of the Kiali service account in Rancher is `kiali`. Use this name if you are writing commands that require you to enter the name of the Kiali service account—for example, if you are trying to generate or retrieve a session token.
```

Author: Hey Marty thanks for the review! I added your suggestion as well as a Kiali docs link in the above text section and a link to the Kiali token authentication FAQ page in the note section. Let me know what you think!

> By default, only cluster-admins have access to Kiali. For instructions on how to allow admin, edit or views roles to access them, see [this section.](rbac-for-istio.md)

:::note

> For Istio installations version `103.1.0+up1.19.6` and later, Kiali uses a token value for its authentication strategy. The name of the Kiali service account in Rancher is `kiali`. Use this name if you are writing commands that require you to enter the name of the Kiali service account (for example, if you are trying to generate or retrieve a session token). For more information, refer to the [Kiali token authentication FAQ](https://kiali.io/docs/faq/authentication/).

Reviewer 2: Since we have the same text in two places on the page, maybe it should go in the parent section.

Author: I'm not sure the note would fit that well into the parent section as it's more of an overview of all Istio related tooling but I think the note being in the "Kiali" and "Accessing Visualizations" section is a better placement for users that would run into needing to generate a token. Let me know what you think, thanks for the review Marty!

Reviewer 2: I guess in this case it makes sense to keep it closer to where the instructions are
